Reorganize docs, add codepen examples (#1691)
rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form: docs/index.md

> [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mozilla-services/react-jsonschema-form.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/mozilla-services/react-jsonschema-form)

Reviewer: Might want to change the status badge from travis' to github's.

> A simple [React](http://facebook.github.io/react/) component capable of building HTML forms out of a [JSON schema](http://json-schema.org/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A simple [React](https://reactjs.org/) component capable of building HTML forms out of a [JSON schema](http://json-schema.org/).
```
